Fix: 2691 with an opt-out for custom fields for anyOf/oneOf (#3400)
rjsf-team/react-jsonschema-form: docs/api-reference/uiSchema.md

See [Custom Widgets and Fields](https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/stable/api-reference/custom-widgets-fields#custom-field-components) for more information about how to use this property.

### ui:fieldReplacesAnyOrOneOf

By default, any field that is rendered for an `anyOf`/`oneOf` schema will be wrapped inside the `AnyOfField` or `OneOfField` component.
By providing a `true` value for this flag in association with a custom `ui:field` the default behavior is skipped.
Instead, it will be up to the custom field implementation to deal with rendering the `anyOf`/`oneOf` behavior.

> Providing a `false` value, will maintain the wrapping behavior rather than the replacing behavior.

Author: @nickgros / @epicfaace, This sounds a bit awkward even to me, so feel free to improve it if you can.

> By default, any field that is rendered for an `anyOf`/`oneOf` schema will be wrapped inside the `AnyOfField` or `OneOfField` component.
> By providing a `true` value for this flag in association with a custom `ui:field` the default behavior is skipped.
> Instead, it will be up to the custom field implementation to deal with rendering the `anyOf`/`oneOf` behavior.
> Providing a `false` value, will maintain the wrapping behavior rather than the replacing behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, any field that is rendered for an `anyOf`/`oneOf` schema will be wrapped inside the `AnyOfField` or `OneOfField` component. This default behavior may be undesirable if your custom field already handles behavior related to choosing one or more subschemas contained in the `anyOf`/`oneOf` schema.
By providing a `true` value for this flag in association with a custom `ui:field`, the wrapped components will be omitted, so just one instance of the custom field will be rendered.
If the flag is omitted or set to `false`, your custom field will be wrapped by `AnyOfField`/`OneOfField`.
```

Reviewer: @heath-freenome does this make more sense?
